Add Image for srcset and lazy loading (#2103)
plone/volto: CHANGELOG.md

### Feature

- Lazy load image in blocks Image and HeroImage @mamico

> - Add ImageFromUrl with srcset and lazy loading using Plone miniatures @nzambello

Author: ```suggestion
- Add Image with srcset and lazy loading using Plone scales @nzambello
```
